What is this purpose of this Git repository? (duh!)
	The purpose of a git repository is to have a running record of the changes 
	made to a project, which allows one to go back to any stage of the project. 
	It also allows multiple people to have access to and contribute to the same 
	files.

What was your favorite lab or assignment and why?
	My favorite assignment was the server side of NotUber. I feel like this
	assignment, more so than the others, allowed me to understand how websites 
	work and that it is much more than what you see on the surface. I thought 
	that assignment 2 and 3 really worked together well to show just how much 
	goes into creating a dynamic website.

How much do you think you have grown from day 1 of this course to now?
	I have learned a lot from the start of this course. I have learned to adapt 
	to languages that aren't c or c++, the difference between front end and back 
	end, and learned how to create static and dynamic web content. Coming into 
	the course, I knew nothing about web development and programming. Coming out, 
	I have tangible evidence of what I have learned and the ability to create 
	content for personal projects. 

What was the most important thing that you learned in this course? Cite two 
examples as evidence.
	The most important thing that I learned in this course was Javascript.
		1. Javascript works with the HTML document object model to allow websites 
		   to be dynamic, rather than just static conntent. 
		2. Javascript introduced me to the concept of asynchronous programming, 
		   as all my previous exposure was to c, c++, and python. This taught me to 
		   look at my code from a different angle and that not all languages just 
		   follow code step by step.


Now that you have finished the course, what topic would you like to delve deeper 
into?
	I am excited to delve deeper into computer security with the online course 
	over the summer. I am also really excited to learn more about backend and 
	server side projects with my internship over the summer. 
